Newsletter cartoon fix (#3916)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/newsletter.md

    divider={false}
    title="A newsletter about making better products"
    size="full"
    cols={3}
>
    <div class="center">
        <h1>1.</h1>

>         <h5>Important news from the PostHog blog</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h5>The latest from the PostHog blog</h5>
```

    </div>
    <div class="center">
        <h1>2.</h1>
        <h5>The latest PostHog tutorials and tips</h5>
    </div>
    <div class="center">
        <h1>3.</h1>

>         <h5>Our favourite coffee-break reading</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h5>Curated guides on building great products</h5>
```
